Make docs better (#73)
punk-security/dnsReaper: README.md

We can scan around 50 subdomains per second, testing each one with over 50 takeover signatures.
This means most organisations can scan their entire DNS estate in less than 10 seconds.

> ![DNS Reaper detects a domain has a broken cname and can be taken over by registering the domains cname](docs/reaper_detection.png "DNS Reaper detects a domain has a broken cname and can be taken over by registering the domains cname")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![DNS Reaper detects a if domain has a broken cname record and can be taken over by registering the domain's cname](docs/reaper_detection.png "DNS Reaper detects a if domain has a broken cname record and can be taken over by registering the domain's cname")
```
